Title: The King James Bible

Release Date: March 2, 2011 [EBook #10]
[This King James Bible was orginally posted by Project Gutenberg
in late 1989]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE KING JAMES BIBLE ***

The Old Testament of the King James Version of the Bible

The First Book of Moses:  Called Genesis

18:9 And the kings of the earth, who have committed fornication and
lived deliciously with her, shall bewail her, and lament for her, when
they shall see the smoke of her burning, 18:10 Standing afar off for
the fear of her torment, saying, Alas, alas that great city Babylon,
that mighty city! for in one hour is thy judgment come.

18:11 And the merchants of the earth shall weep and mourn over her;
for no man buyeth their merchandise any more: 18:12 The merchandise of
gold, and silver, and precious stones, and of pearls, and fine linen,
and purple, and silk, and scarlet, and all thyine wood, and all manner
vessels of ivory, and all manner vessels of most precious wood, and of
brass, and iron, and marble, 18:13 And cinnamon, and odours, and
ointments, and frankincense, and wine, and oil, and fine flour, and
wheat, and beasts, and sheep, and horses, and chariots, and slaves,
and souls of men.

18:14 And the fruits that thy soul lusted after are departed from
thee, and all things which were dainty and goodly are departed from
thee, and thou shalt find them no more at all.

18:15 The merchants of these things, which were made rich by her,
shall stand afar off for the fear of her torment, weeping and wailing,
18:16 And saying, Alas, alas that great city, that was clothed in fine
linen, and purple, and scarlet, and decked with gold, and precious
stones, and pearls!  18:17 For in one hour so great riches is come to
nought. And every shipmaster, and all the company in ships, and
sailors, and as many as trade by sea, stood afar off, 18:18 And cried
when they saw the smoke of her burning, saying, What city is like unto
this great city!  18:19 And they cast dust on their heads, and cried,
weeping and wailing, saying, Alas, alas that great city, wherein were
made rich all that had ships in the sea by reason of her costliness!
for in one hour is she made desolate.

18:20 Rejoice over her, thou heaven, and ye holy apostles and
prophets; for God hath avenged you on her.